chore: add known protocol analysis issue for meniscus-relative pipetting (#18240)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/release-notes.md

- The API raises an error if the Absorbance Plate Reader fails to initialize before reading a plate inside the module. 

### Known Issues

> -When you use ``load_liquid()`` and subsequent liquid detection, protocol analysis won't raise an error if there's not enough liquid to complete your transfers. To avoid protocol failure, remove ``measure_liquid_height()`` commands for a correct analysis. 

Reviewer: - Needs the space after the hyphen for the markdown bullet to render properly. 
- Markdown does code formatting with single backticks. Only RST is weird like that.
- The rest is prose suggestions.

```suggestion
- When you use `load_liquid()` and then use `measure_liquid_height()` on the same well, protocol analysis won't raise an error if there's not enough liquid to complete your transfers. To avoid errors during an actual run, use only one of the two commands. 
```

Author: updated this morning!
